grape raisin radiant
it is high quality
besimi annas
grape
from strips about ripening earlier
average
125 130 days conditions of transdniestria are empty
medium or severe conditions along with 3
days heart-shaped medium
cut
and to the pancakes of the petioles about light green
berries are medium to large golden
pink pink red both are not
died 22 18
millimeters weighing up to four grams
me again will be harmonious
herring nutmeg ton
and flavor
sugar content up to twenty one
percent acidity 6 7 grams of objects
sort of medium and large conical
branchy cylindrical
sometimes 40 centimeters long
please pay attention
medium density
more often than others from 20 to 600 grams
with proper frames he
aging is good
powers up to seventy percent
the number of guests to win up to two bunches
frost resistance regime
and resistance to the main mushroom
a disease such as its mini
diagnosing years
Suvorov
usually for European varieties
there is
this variety is needed a few
spray once per season
the same time, I want to note that he gave
I am amazed practically
good transportability
very demanding
grapes are good players
suitable for
both for fresh consumption and for
optimism
I recommend the marmots go and go clean